<DOC>
<DOCNO>org.eclipse.swt.custom.StyledTextRenderer.java </DOCNO>
<text>
<class>
styled text renderer
</class>
<method>
styled text renderer
calculate line height
 dispose
 dispose
draw line
draw line break selection
get client area
get content
get device
get baseline
get bidi segments
get font
get font data
 get
get horizontal pixel
get left margin
get line end space width
get line background data
get line height
get line style data
get line style data
get orientation
get right margin
get selection foreground
get selection background
get selection
get visual line style data
get word wrap
full line selection
set tab length
get text layout
create text layout
dispose text layout
</method>
<identifier>
 org
 eclipse
 swt
 custom
 org
 eclipse
 swt
 swt
 org
 eclipse
 swt
 graphics
styled text renderer
 device
 device
 font
regular font
bold font
italic font
bold italic font
tab width
 ascent
 descent
line end space width
styled text renderer
 device
 device
 font
regular font
 device
 device
regular font
regular font
calculate line height


 get
line end space width

string extent

 font
original font

get font
font metrics
 metrics

get font metrics
 ascent
 math
 max
 ascent
 metrics
get ascent
 metrics
get leading
 descent
 math
 max
 descent
 metrics
get descent

set font
get font
 swt
 bold
 metrics

get font metrics
 ascent
 math
 max
 ascent
 metrics
get ascent
 metrics
get leading
 descent
 math
 max
 descent
 metrics
get descent

set font
get font
 swt
 italic
 metrics

get font metrics
 ascent
 math
 max
 ascent
 metrics
get ascent
 metrics
get leading
 descent
 math
 max
 descent
 metrics
get descent

set font
get font
 swt
 bold
 swt
 italic
 metrics

get font metrics
 ascent
 math
 max
 ascent
 metrics
get ascent
 metrics
get leading
 descent
 math
 max
 descent
 metrics
get descent

set font
original font
 dispose

bold font
bold font
 dispose
italic font
italic font
 dispose
bold italic font
bold italic font
 dispose
bold font
italic font
bold italic font
 dispose
bold font
bold font
 dispose
italic font
italic font
 dispose
bold italic font
bold italic font
 dispose
bold font
italic font
bold italic font
 dispose


draw line
 string
 line
line index
 paint


 color
widget background
 color
widget foreground
clear background
line offset
get content
get offset line
line index
line length
 line
 length
 point
 selection
get selection
selection start
 selection

selection end
 selection

left margin
get left margin
 color
line background
text layout
 layout
get text layout
 line
line offset
 rectangle
 client
get client area
styled text event
 event
get line background data
line offset
 line
 event
line background
 event
line background
line background
line background
widget background
clear background
full line selection
selection start
line offset
selection end
line offset
line length

set background
line background

set foreground
line background

fill rectangle
 client

left margin
 paint
 client
 width
 ascent
 descent
 paint
 client

left margin
get horizontal pixel
selection start
selection end
 rectangle
 rect
 layout
get line bounds
draw line break selection
 line
line offset
 paint
 rect

 rect
 width
 paint


set foreground
widget foreground

set background
line background
selection start
selection end
selection end
line offset
selection start
line offset
line length
 layout
 draw

 paint
 paint
 start
 math
 max
selection start
line offset
 end
 math
 min
line length
selection end
line offset
 layout
 draw

 paint
 paint
 start
 end
get selection foreground
get selection background
dispose text layout
 layout
draw line break selection
 string
 line
line offset
 paint
 paint


 rectangle
get client area
styled text content
get content
 device
get device
 device
get baseline
 ascent
get bidi segments
line offset
 string
line text
 font
get font
 style
 style
 swt
 bold
bold font
bold font
bold font
 font
 device
get font data
 style
 swt
 italic
italic font
italic font
italic font
 font
 device
get font data
 style
 swt
 bold
 swt
 italic
bold italic font
bold italic font
bold italic font
 font
 device
get font data
 style
regular font
font data
get font data
 style
font data
font datas
regular font
get font data


font datas
 length

font datas

set style
 style
font datas

 get
get horizontal pixel
get left margin
get line end space width
line end space width
styled text event
get line background data
line offset
 string
 line
get line height
 ascent
 descent
styled text event
get line style data
styled text event
 event
line offset
 string
 line
line length
 line
 length
 event
 styles
get word wrap
 event
 styles
get visual line style data
 event
 styles
line offset
line length
 event
 styles
 event
 styles
style range
 event
styled text event
get line style data
line offset
 string
 line
get orientation
get right margin
 color
get selection foreground
 color
get selection background
 point
get selection
style range
get visual line style data
style range
logical styles
line offset
line length
line end
line offset
line length
old style count
logical styles
 length
new style count


old style count

style range
 style
logical styles

 style
 start
line end
 style
 start
 style
 length
line offset
new style count
new style count
old style count
style range
new styles
style range
new style count



old style count

style range
 style
logical styles

 style
 start
line end
 style
 start
 style
 length
line offset
new styles

logical styles

logical styles
new styles
logical styles
get word wrap
full line selection
set tab length
tab length


 get
string buffer
tab buffer
string buffer
tab length


tab length

tab buffer
 append
tab width

string extent
tab buffer
 string

 dispose

text layout
get text layout
 string
 line
line offset
text layout
 layout
create text layout
line offset
 layout
set font
regular font
 layout
set ascent
 ascent
 layout
set descent
 descent
 layout
set text
 line
 layout
set orientation
get orientation
 layout
set segments
get bidi segments
line offset
 line
 layout
set tabs
tab width
 length
 line
 length
styled text event
 event
get line style data
line offset
 line
style range
 styles
 event
 event
 styles
last offset
 styles
style index
style index
 styles
 length
style index
style range
 style
 styles
style index
 style
 unstyled
 start
 end
line offset
 style
 start
 start
 end
 math
 min
 length
 style
 length
line offset
 style
 start
 start
 style
 start
line offset
 end
 math
 min
 length
 start
 style
 length
 start
 length
last offset
 start
 layout
set style
last offset
 start
text style
text style
text style
get font
 style
font style
 style
 foreground
 style
 background
text style
 underline
 style
 underline
text style
 strikeout
 style
 strikeout
 layout
set style
text style
 start
 end
last offset
 math
 max
last offset
 end
last offset
 length
 layout
set style
last offset
 length
 layout
text layout
create text layout
line offset
text layout
 device
dispose text layout
text layout
 layout
 layout
 dispose
</identifier>
<comments>
copyright  2000  2004  ibm  corporation  and  others  all  rights  reserved  this  program  and  the  accompanying  materials  are  made  available  under  the  terms  the  eclipse  public  license  which  accompanies  this  distribution  and  available  http  www  eclipse  org  legal  epl  html  contributors  ibm  corporation  initial  api  and  implementation
styled text renderer  renders  the  content styled text  widget  subclasses  can  provide  different  device  display  printer  render  and  implement  abstract  methods  return  resources  created  that  device
device  render 
width  pixels  tab  character
width  pixels  the  space  used  represent  line  delimiters
creates  instance  class styled text renderer  class  param  device  device  render  param regular font  font  use  for  regular  text  param left margin  margin  the  left  the  text
calculates  the  line  height  and  space  width
don  assume  that  bold  and  normal  fonts  have  the  same  height
fixes  bug  41773
clear  the  font  cache
disposes  the  resource  created  the  receiver
dispose  the  specified  allows  subclasses  reuse  param  dispose
draws  line  text  the  specified  location  param  line  the  line  draw  param line index  index  the  line  draw  param  paint  location  draw  param  draw  param widget background  the  widget  background  color  used  the  default  rendering  color  param widget foreground  the  widget  foreground  color  used  the  default  rendering  color  param clear background  true  the  line  background  should  drawn  explicitly
draw  background  full  selection  off  line  not
completely  selected
draws  the  background  the  line  selection  implemented  subclasses  for  optional  selection  rendering  param  line  the  line  draw  param line offset  offset  the  first  character  the  line  relative  the  start  the  document  param  styles  line  styles  param  paint  location  draw  param  draw  param  bidi  the  bidi  object  use  for  measuring  and  rendering  text  bidi  locales  null  when  not  bidi  mode
returns  the  visible  client  area  that  can  used  for  rendering  return  the  visible  client  area  that  can  used  for  rendering
returns  the  class styled text content  class  use  for  line  offset  calculations  return  the  class styled text content  class  use  for  line  offset  calculations
returns  the  device  that  being  rendered  return  the  device  that  being  rendered 
returns  the  text  segments  that  should  treated  they  had  different  direction  than  the  surrounding  text  param line offset  offset  the  first  character  the  line  based  from  the  beginning  the  document  param  line  text  the  line  specify  bidi  segments  for  return  text  segments  that  should  treated  they  had  different  direction  than  the  surrounding  text  only  the  start  index  segment  specified  relative  the  start  the  line  always  starts  with  and  ends  with  the  line  length  exception illegal argument exception  error  invalid  argument  the  segment  indices  returned  the  listener  not  start  with  are  not  ascending  order  exceed  the  line  length  have  duplicates 
returns  the  font  according  with  the  given  style
returns  the  use  for  rendering  and  measuring  allows  subclasses  reuse  return  the  use  for  rendering  and  measuring
returns  the  horizontal  scroll  position  return  the  horizontal  scroll  position
returns  the  width  pixels  the  space  used  represent  line  delimiters  return  the  width  pixels  the  space  used  represent  line  delimiters
returns  the  line  background  data  for  the  given  line  null  there  none  param line offset  offset  the  line  start  relative  the  start  the  content  param  line  line  get  line  background  data  for  return  line  background  data  for  the  given  line  may  return  null
returns  the  height  pixels  line  return  the  height  pixels  line
returns  the  line  style  data  for  the  specified  line  the line offset  and  line  may  specify  segment  logical  line  stored  the  class styled text content  class  the  widget  the  returned  styles  are  guaranteed  least  partially  the  segment  param  event  the  styles  for  the  logical  line  param line offset  offset  the  line  start  relative  the  start  the  content  param  line  line  get  line  styles  for  return  line  style  data  for  the  given  line  segment  styles  may  start  before  line  start  and  end  after  line  end  but  are  guaranteed  least  partially  the  line
returns  the  line  style  data  for  the  given  line  null  there  none  there line style listener  but  does  not  set  any  styles  the styled text event  styles  field  will  initialized  empty  array  param line offset  offset  the  line  start  relative  the  start  the  content  param  line  line  get  line  styles  for  return  line  style  data  for  the  given  line  styles  may  start  before  line  start  and  end  after  line  end




returns  the  widget  selection  implemented  subclasses  for  optional  selection  rendering  return  the  widget  selection
returns  styles  for  the  specified  visual  wrapped  line  param logical styles  the  styles  for  logical  unwrapped  line  param line offset  offset  the  visual  line  param line length  length  the  visual  line  return  styles  the logical styles  array  that  are  least  partially  the  specified  visual  line
returns  the  word  wrap  state  return  true  word  wrap  false  word  wrap  lines  may  extend  beyond  the  right  side  the  client  area
returns  whether  the  widget  was  created  with  the  swt  full  selection  style  implemented  subclasses  for  optional  selection  rendering  return  true  the  widget  running  full  line  selection  mode  false  otherwise
calculates  the  width  pixel  tab  character  param tab length  number  space  characters  represented  tab  character
returns text layout  given  line  index  and  array  styles
</comments>
</text>
</DOC>
